there's
[Music]
come with me there's a place I go when I
want to be alone
[Music]
this one's come
how how did you air it's my
peculiarities if I show you the rest you
have to promise not to run away
from Jake right on time miss Peregrine's
delighted to meet you
he's invisible of course
we're what's known in common parlance as
peculiar hi I'm Judy she's embarrassed
in front of Jake don't be
because our abilities don't fit in the
outside world we live in places like
this where no one can find us
[Music]
I knew you were one of us when you were
born it's time for you to learn what you
can do but don't just ordinary no you're
not
you were born to protect us
promise me one thing look after them
Jake I promise
[Music]
you